Improve command mode guide (#27539)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/command-mode-reference.adoc

The solution is located in the `getting-started-command-mode` {quickstarts-tree-url}/getting-started-command-mode[directory].

== Creating the Maven project

First, we need to create a new Quarkus project with the following command:

:create-app-artifact-id: command-mode-quickstart
include::{includes}/devtools/create-app.adoc[]

> NOTE: By default, our tooling will include the RESTEasy extension. As it is not desired for a command mode application,
> you need to add `-no-code` for the CLI or `-DnoCode` for Maven. In the same way, if you use code.quarkus.io to generate a
> project, you need to go to *MORE OPTIONS -> Starter Code* and select *No* to avoid adding the RESTEasy extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The suggested project creation command lines disable the codestarts to avoid including a REST server. Similarly, if you use code.quarkus.io to generate a
project, you need to go to *MORE OPTIONS -> Starter Code* and select *No* to avoid adding the RESTEasy Reactive extension.

The RESTEasy Reactive extension is added automatically only if you ask for codestarts and you didn't specify any extensions.
```

    @Test
    @Launch("World")
    public void testLaunchCommand(LaunchResult result) {

>         Assertions.assertTrue(result.getOutput().contains("Hello World"));

Reviewer: This is related to the JBoss Threads logging, right? I will fix it soon so if it's just that, keep both fixes out of the PR.

Author: I think, the full application logs are inside the `result;getOutput()` so you also have the Quarkus starting logs.
At least this is what @geoand confirmed, see https://quarkusio.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/187038-dev/topic/Command.20mode.20test

If you prefere, we can keep this PR opens untill you fix the JBoss Threads logging and see what it does.
I also plan to add an integration test for a Quarkus main so we can easily catch this kind of issue.

Reviewer: Ah yes, but we should probably explain how to get rid of them in the guide. That would be better.

I personally use:
```
quarkus.log.level=SEVERE
quarkus.banner.enabled=false
```
in the `application.properties`.

Author: I'm not comfortable with this as usually sysout is not used but a real logger so a contains will always be needed due to logging format.

But if you prefere, I can keep the equals and add a note to explain that some configuration needs to be done for the test to success.

Author: @gsmet which solution do you prefere ? Keepin the contains or switch back to the equals and explaing the configuration to setup ?

    public void testManualLaunch(QuarkusMainLauncher launcher) {
        LaunchResult result = launcher.launch("Everyone");
        Assertions.assertEquals(0, result.exitCode());
        Assertions.assertTrue(result.getOutput().contains("Hello Everyone"));
    }
}

----

> Each test method must be annotated by `@Launch` to automatically start the application of have a `QuarkusMainLauncher`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each test method must be annotated with `@Launch` to automatically start the application of have a `QuarkusMainLauncher`
```

and there's something off with `start the application of have a` but I don't know what you wanted to say.

Author: It's not `of` but `or` and apparently the end of the sentence is missing.
